***************************************Protoboard**************************************

Two parts:

	detector_support:
		* All the supporting infastrucutre, power suppies, logging
	detector_circuit
		* Converts current spike from SiPM to voltage for logging.
			* detector_circuit_LTC6269.sch - Version with LTC6269 op amp. 
			  this amp has been tested and works, but is expensive and consumes 
                          a lot of current, not ideal for flight.
		* detector_circuit_LTC6254 - Version with LTC6264 op amp, previously untested
                  but cheaper and has a significantly lower quiescent current.
		* detector_circuit_alt_LTC6254 - Different version of transimpedance amplifier with 
		  filtering built in. Experimental, but it would be really cool and worth a try. 

Each of the detector circuits connect to the support board with the listed connectors:
* J9 - SIPM_CONN
* J2 - DET_CONN_PWR
* J11 



***********************************Project Overview***********************************

Measuring the radiation detection properties of BNNTs and Metal Oxides.

Radiaiton detection
Scintillator - Lights up when exposed to ionizing radiation
SiPM - Silicon photomultiplier, sensor that counts the number of photons it sees.

Scintillator generates light, SiPM generates a current pulse proportional 
to the magnitude of radiation.

In order to detect and log that current pulse on an MCU we need to
1. Convert the current signal to voltage 
2. Amplify the voltage pulse to increase difference between singal and noise
and make it easier to detect and losses negligible.
3. Extend the length of the signal so the MCU has time to made an ADC conversion.

Detector Circuit Topology:

1. Transimpdance amplifier converts current signal to voltage, amplifies it in a way
to reduce the signal to noise ratio. The main purpose of this board is to fine-tune the 
resistor and capacitor values to optimize the gain on this amplifier.
2. Filter stage to eliminaty high and low frequency noise
3. Second stage amplfication
4. Peak detector to extend signal
5. Voltage follower to ensure signal sampling does not interfere with the peak detector circuit.

Data logging:

After the second stage amplificaiton, the signal line is sent to both the peak detector and a comparator.
The comparator compares the signal to a set baseline voltage value, and if the signal exceeds this amount,
it generates an interrupt. This interrupt is used to tell the MCU when to take an ADC sample from the 
peak detector line. 

Voltage supply:

Because the detector circuit is sensative anlaog circuitry, it runs off a seperate 4.7V line 
from an LDO. The LDO cleans the 5V line to ensure low-noise, as well as seperates the detector
circuit supplies from any noise generated by the switching supplies.

The SiPM requires 36V to operate. This is achieved with a voltage booster paried with an LDO to 
make sure the supply voltage is clean. 

The detector_support circuit is configured to support both a test connection (5V and 12V from the 
bench top supply) as well as battery connections for use in lab testing. 